0 : Probability of Trigger  
1 : Probability of Trigger
2 : Probability of Trigger
3 : Probability of Trigger
4 : Probability of Trigger
5 : Probability of Trigger
6 : Probability of Trigger
7 : Probability of Trigger
8 : Probability of Trigger
9 : Probability of Trigger
a : Probability of Trigger
b : Probability of Trigger
c : Probability of Trigger
d : Probability of Trigger
e : Probability of Trigger
f : Probability of Trigger 
g :
h :
i :
j :
k :
l :
m :
n :
o : One shot - Always trigger then stops waiting for new events
p :
q :
r : random 
s : stutter(trigger, count)
t :
u :
v :
w :
x :
y :
z :
[ : Double Pattern Speed
] : Half Pattern Speed
( : Open Arguments
) : Close Arguments
{ :
} :
. :
- :
_ :
= :
+ :
- :
/ :
* :
: :
' :
; :
! :
@ :
# :
$ :
% :
^ :
& :
| : OR
, :
